3.4 changelog
-------------

  * The default output format is now ovf2 binary instead of dump. mumax3-convert (version 3.4!) can be used to convert between dump and several ovf formats (ovf1/ovf2, text/binary). Reason for the change is that the ovf2 implementation has become more efficient (due to internal data re-ordering), making dump obsolete. Also, the ovf format is well documented (see OOMMF manual), and many tools accept it (e.g. muview). dump support may be removed in the future.

  * The exchange between different regions (materials) is now set to the harmonic mean of the two materials. Inter-region exchange can be tuned by ScaleExchRegion(reg1, reg2, factor). 

  * It is now default behavior to clear a pre-existing output directory (-f flag is on by default). Run mumax3 -f=0 to get the old behavior (refuse to run with non-empty output directory).

  * Some obsolete command line flags like -bl -bx -by have been dropped

minor changes:

  * Internally, the coordinate system has been converted to right-handed. This should be transparent to the user unless low-level functionality is accessed.



bugs:
-----

mumax3-convert -o does not work

mumax3-convert -svg mirrors along Y

omf/ovf does not check if enough bytes are read

MFM 3D not OK

need proper zhang-li boundary conditions

reduce operations are non-reproducible, though OK within numerical precission.

script: compile selector?


API:
----

review getcell()

mask.setv, getv

check region defined?


improvements:
-------------

cleanup LValue interface, M should not have to implement it.

save self-defined variable.

resettable tables, multiple tables?

MFM: don't crash on tip crash ;-), just zero kernel

kernel cache

DMI in 3D

optimization for small simulatons? one big multi-FFT on all components, one big kenrel mul?

master process assigns ports (clean fail if port in use, start new instance on next port?) and GPU
	web iface of master shows que?
	mumax3 -que add to que, return?


cuda.HostBuffer() for faster I/O

non-fatal error handling for GUI

log.FatalErr: print line number of caller?


new features:
-------------

web: (clean) exit button
web: show/hide/auto refresh


windows:
--------
go msi installer from golang.org

git from git-scm.com
* Run Git from the windows command prompt
* Checkout as-is

mingw-w64 from mingw.org > sourceforge
* PATH=%PATH%C:\MinGW/bin


